langchain-aws InMemoryVectorStore documentation updates (#24347)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/docs/integrations/platforms/aws.mdx

```python
from langchain.vectorstores import DocumentDBVectorSearch
```
### Amazon MemoryDB 

> [Amazon MemoryDB](https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/) MemoryDB is a durable, in-memory database service that delivers ultra-fast performance. MemoryDB is compatible with Redis OSS, a popular open source data store, 

Reviewer: Amazon Memory DB and MemoryDB seems duplicate.
```suggestion
[Amazon MemoryDB](https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/) is a durable, in-memory database service that delivers ultra-fast performance. MemoryDB is compatible with Redis OSS, a popular open source data store, 
```

enabling you to quickly build applications using the same flexible and friendly Redis OSS APIs, and commands that they already use today. 

AWS offers services for computing, databases, storage, analytics, and other functionality. For an overview of all AWS services, see [Cloud Computing with Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-aws/).

> 

Reviewer: Is this necessary? Better to be precise about the relevant service, than promoting AWS.

> See a [usage example](/docs/integrations/vectorstores/memorydb).

Reviewer: Should we move this to the bottom after the python code section?

Author: modified

> InMemoryVectorStore class provides a vectorstore to connect with Amazon MemoryDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InMemoryVectorStore class provides a vector store to connect with Amazon MemoryDB.
```
